Unlike part one of my one zero eight one nine course on Udemy, this part two was released as a work
in progress rather than waiting for me to complete it.
Many students were fairly desperate to get started with this course.
So I conducted a poll asking students to vote on whether I should release it as a work in progress or
wait until it's completed.
So switching over to a browser here is a result of the votes.
OK, here's the location, they can see the result there was fairly tight, but I can say I had the
two options.
They release it now as a work in progress.
Eight hundred and three votes finish it first before releasing seven hundred and sixty nine votes.
The link I leave in the resources section of this video if you want to chase that up.
I'm not sure if the page will eventually get deleted as it was a free service, but as you can see,
release it now got more votes than wait until it's completed.
So I've released it now.
Now, want to confirm to you that we'll be giving every priority to complete this course as soon as
possible, you'll see regular videos added to this course each and every week.
The expected completion of all 17 sections is December twenty twenty or January twenty twenty one.
Now, I hope I haven't shot myself in the foot by releasing it early and giving myself the possibility
of bad reviews.
Of course you can and should be the person who decides how to write my course.
I'm not suggesting anything to the contrary.
There is already a decent amount of material here for you to get started with and with the updates coming
through, I hope that you'll be happy with the course as it sits now and with the updates.
If you have invested in both my Part one and Part two courses, thank you and this might be a good opportunity
to swing over and complete part one, since that is 100 percent completed and uploaded and as a prerequisite
for taking this Part two each week, I'll send through an announcement letting you know what's been
added.
So note that unlike other course updates, I won't be waiting for a section to be completed before releasing
it.
I'll actually literally update videos as soon as they're recorded and edited.
So you should see regular updates through the week, not in a big chunk once a week or something like
that.
Or the piston happy string cheese timber late October twenty twenty.
And I better get back to updating the videos now.